My thoughts from 23 June 2020

Do you still love her ?
Yes, but I am not sure if I want to love her to the fullest, I am affraid of getting hurted as I got some times ago. But I would like to express my whole love to her if
I will know that she, at least is interested in it. 
With or without knowing that I will continue to venerate her as she is the only girl, until now, to whom my soul belongs.

Why do I love her ?
I really don't have a straight answer, I think I love her because I feel warm when she is happy, I feel unutterable when I see her, when I hear her voice, 
when she is near by. I like when she smiles, I feel fulfilled when she is happy. She motivates me to fight, to work, to run and I do it with diligence just because
I know that in the end she will be proud of me, just that after I will be able to make her happy.

Recently, after few messages on Telgram, she told me: please don't send emoticons, it makes me feel unconfortable. Promptly, 
I got angry "What, I am trying to make the conversation more colorful and she don't even accept it ?", after some thinking, after calming down my ego, I realized,
she is right, even if I was doing it with a good intention, it doesn't mean that she must like it and since it is not pleasant for her, why should I continue 
sending it ? I would like to make her happy not to make her accept everything I say and do. Therefore, I think I got a bit of enlightement and I am happy that 
she said that instead of bearing it.

Few weeks ago, she recommended me to try some kind of pills to provide my bod with more energy and things that it needs. I was surprised why she did that, 
of course I was very happy because I was thinking "yoy, she takes care about me". I trying to be very distanced from any extra help for my body, my phylosophy is 
that my body has to fight and produce whatever it needs, so I was ignoring her suggestion, even if it was so pleasant for me, that she cares. Now I am still not sure about 
trying or not those pills, but I may agree with that as I agreed about a healthy food. She may be right but I don't know yet, I mean about providing extra help
to my body through some pills.

I don't know why she stopped to write with diacritics, she allways was writing very accurate. Currently I don't like that.

Another thing that I don't agree with her is that she is a bit affraid to expouse her body to fight, to harden it. I understand that she is affraid of getting sick, especially
when there is none that can take care of her(I would be thankful to the God if I will be able to be near by to help, even if she doesn't see in my her future lifepartner). But anyways
I think she has to attemper her body to different conditions. Of course, I could be wrong, but that is my way of understanding health care, by adapting your body and 
making it to fight for its wealth, it worwed for me until now, we will see it later, will get with updates in few years.

Will I move somewhere else from Sweden, in a country/city where she feels happy ? 
Yes. Wherever, just if she knows that she really want it. I really don't care where I will be, as long as I will be with her, I think I will find a solution to adapt
and to survive.

I still have a bit of sadness on her because she haven't chosen me that time, although I almost forgot it and try to take it as a life step to understand some other 
things.

At this time, as she isn't decided what she wants to do with her boyfriend and she wants to discover herself, I have that feeling that she will get very fast bored of me
and we will stop communicating for a while. I don't know why I have this feeling, but as the other times, when I was feeling what is going to happen, it came to the reality
I may think that this is going to be as I feel. Other think is that I feel that she isn't going to consider me a serious candidate for a longterm relation or a life-partner,
she will just deny me.

Do I think that I would like to start a distance relation ?
Yes, I do and I wish to, but I am not sure if she is willing to, in case she will consider me as a potential life-partner. The only reason why I wouldn't start a distance realtion
is that I don't want her to suffer, the other reasons I don't see. It maybe will get to know each other better, maybe to strength our relation, maybe it will teach us how
to solve some problems which may occur, just in case if both parties will be interested to maintain the realtion.

I think I will go to sleep, tomorrow is going to be a hard day, without her near by, but I wish her a beautiful day!